# DriverPass
system analysis and design of the project Driver Pass
#DriverPass is a company that assists new drivers in learning how to drive. From teaching them the driver policies, and standards , to teaching them hands on with driver instructors. DriverPass wanted a new information system that tracks appointments of student drivers with driver instructors, their progress in learning, and syncs with the policies set forth in the DMV. 
This system will allow a new users to register, established  student driver users to purchase packages of training, allow student drivers who purchased packages to view and schedule available appointments, allow the secretary users to view all appointments and the details, allow the driver instructors to add notes to the students driving record for a students scheduled hands on session, allow students and drivers to update their profile, allow students to check their progress, and allow the admins to modify the packages listed/ modules and roles of each users. Students may also download an application on mobile os and they have the ability to download purchased modules to their device for offline use. This system will utilize Microsoft Azure to deploy this application. 

I think that I did a good job exposing all the requirements from non functional , functional and even technical requirements. I addressed that this system will use CASB, secure coding practices and the standards set forth in the Cyber Security Framework of NIST. This will mitigate vulnerability issues.  I also think I addressed the need for maximize availability. This system must use multiple servers and load balancers. 
The use of cloud will make it easier to scale!
I think I revise the  work on the UML use case diagrams. I think I should specify the inn her fence and relationships of each class. 
I think you can use JAD, and focus group sessions to ensure we meet the needs of the clients, stakeholders and end users.  This will help in the system design process by defining the requirements and turning those requirements into user stories or epics!
